---
layout: post
title: Solo Trip
date: 2023-06-01
description: My legendary solo trip to Japan and Taiwan
tags: life
categories: 
giscus_comments: true
related_posts: false
---
# Nothing is better than starting with photo bomb! Here are my treasures!

### Osaka

<div class="row mt-3">
    <div class="col-sm mt-3 mt-md-0">
        {% include figure.html path="assets/img/jp/abondonedlawson.jpg" class="img-fluid rounded z-depth-1" zoomable=true %}
    </div>
    <div class="col-sm mt-3 mt-md-0">
        {% include figure.html path="assets/img/jp/osakapalace.jpg" class="img-fluid rounded z-depth-1" zoomable=true %}
    </div>
</div>


<div class="row mt-3">
    <div class="col-sm mt-3 mt-md-0">
        {% include figure.html path="assets/img/jp/pokemoncentre.jpg" class="img-fluid rounded z-depth-1" zoomable=true %}
    </div>
    <div class="col-sm mt-3 mt-md-0">
        {% include figure.html path="assets/img/jp/osakatower.jpg" class="img-fluid rounded z-depth-1" zoomable=true %}
    </div>
    <div class="col-sm mt-3 mt-md-0">
        {% include figure.html path="assets/img/jp/mainframe.jpg" class="img-fluid rounded z-depth-1" zoomable=true %}
    </div>
</div>

<div class="row mt-3">
    <div class="col-sm mt-3 mt-md-0">
        {% include figure.html path="assets/img/jp/hogz.jpg" class="img-fluid rounded z-depth-1" zoomable=true %}
    </div>
    <div class="col-sm mt-3 mt-md-0">
        {% include figure.html path="assets/img/jp/cute.jpg" class="img-fluid rounded z-depth-1" zoomable=true %}
    </div>
</div>

### Kyoto

<div class="row mt-3">
    <div class="col-sm mt-3 mt-md-0">
        {% include figure.html path="assets/img/jp/thousand.jpg" class="img-fluid rounded z-depth-1" zoomable=true %}
    </div>
    <div class="col-sm mt-3 mt-md-0">
        {% include figure.html path="assets/img/jp/cleanwater.jpg" class="img-fluid rounded z-depth-1" zoomable=true %}
    </div>
</div>

<div class="row mt-3">
    <div class="col-sm mt-3 mt-md-0">
        {% include figure.html path="assets/img/jp/birthdaymeal.jpg" class="img-fluid rounded z-depth-1" zoomable=true %}
    </div>
</div>

### Taiwan

<div class="row mt-3">
    <div class="col-sm mt-3 mt-md-0">
        {% include figure.html path="assets/img/jp/nine.jpg" class="img-fluid rounded z-depth-1" zoomable=true %}
    </div>
</div>





# My untidy random notes, just to archive it here for no reason

30/5 arrival: 7-11 dinner, got kick out 31/5: walk from hotel to namba 1/6:

Osaka: nothing but shopping, not as shiny as Tokyo, kind of in the middle. Not as well behaved, people will smoke on the street. Overall it is too ‘big city’, losing the speciality of Japan. With the modern city thing: USJ, aquarium, etc.

Kyoto: the mixture of modern Japan and ancient Japan. A very fresh feeling overall, with a lot of beautiful, well-kept spots. But when you look at more and more of those spots, you will start to get bored since you may have already seen the best. You will compare the new one with the old one. It is worth noticing that the 4 seasons of Kyoto will be very different, it is a very nice place if you want some great views and have great photos. I would say you can experience traditional Japan here without losing the convenience of a modern city.

Give up writing the journal, because just nothing to write, feel meaningless to write. Therefore just stop writing.

-> This time, try a different approach, not only recording the fact (since I cannot feel shit), but writing the interaction between people, and the awkward moment (since I can feel the bad very well, unluckily).

-> the philosophy of writing this kind of journey. The question I asked myself: can I still remember the things that happened in Tokyo? I think I can still remember most of them. Because I won’t know if I forgot anything. Perhaps that is not important, and that’s why I am not persuaded to do this recording thing. But this is just like a backup of the memory, in case I forget all these memories one day. The typing and photos will be saved in the cloud, so they should be safe.

30/5: arrival in Osaka, APA hotel, tiny but adequate. Since it was too late, I bought something at a nearby 7-11, but I have no idea why I cannot eat inside, and I got kicked out. And I am holding my bowl of rice, with some drink and snacks mixed with the rice and rain water. Look like a homeless person in the rain. Quite a bad start there to be honest.

31/5: This day is good because it had a great start. I went to a wonderful cafe with wonderful food and service. The lady say perfect English. The gentleman look into my eyes and give perfect smile lmao. It is just such wonderful. But then I walked way too much that day. From hotel to anime street. Too much sport in a day. But since I explore the street. I bought a quite good umbrella near an old shop near namba. I think this is what a random walk can get. But still too much legs, perhaps really need a bike even though I would like to explore. Even though I really like the street=]. One thing that isn't too good is that the sign doesn't light up.

1/6: This day is for the famous spots. Had a morning Starbucks breakfast. The service is just another level different from Hong Kong. But I don’t know I need to put the tray back so fucked up. I didn’t know at that moment, but when you think back, the embarrassment… umm.. I guess this is what happens when you are not familiar with a place. What I need is to observe and follow from the crowd. But since that place is not too crowded, I cannot find anyone to follow =[. But still, when I leave the place, nobody is going to remember me. They will not notice me even though one day we will meet again somewhere sometime. But just affecting the image of foreigner. Especially the Chinese haha. But I think I still overall perform better than the average. So I guess one mistake is fine here. Then I went to the Osaka castle, but I would describe it as normal. The ice cream machine is good though. Then I went to 心齋橋again. Then had a 吉列牛since it is always recommended. The rating on google is high, but it is just normal. Not too bad. But a waiter is like speaking multiple language, it is fun to talk to him. And the ventilation is just bad. The smoke is like everywhere. A lot of Korean for some reason. I guess they are following some kind of sources so all of them were there. They are just brutal, one old couple just figuring out stuff in front of a Takoyaki shop in the center of the street, a queue of people is watching and looking at them. But they just don’t care. Btw there is no queue when I enter, and I feel like the food is normal until I try others, then I noticed that one is actually good. But I don’t like it being too watery. Way too many people at the street, cannot find my way of enjoying it.

2/6: rainy AF. biggest rain in 10 years. Rain is killing people because it soaks into the soil. House fell. Life goes. Just walking at the shopping mall. Bought some clothes for changing because I bought way too little for changing. I will need to wash very often and it is quite expensive to wash one time (> 500 yen once). Bought something in Beams, funny enough that they required you to wear an underwear to put their clothes on. Beams are quite expensive clothes. But the thing match my taste quite well.

3/6: Yeah it is my birthday. Thank you Amanda for celebrating for me before I left HK. Even though when I write this down, I cannot see you anymore. Perhaps will not talk to you anymore. I will still remember this for long. Not many people celebrated for me. Because either I don’t care, or my friends don’t care. I am just not the kind of people that will celebrate stuff. I am the kind of person that treats my birthday as a normal day, because everyone has a birthday every year. I think the mothers should celebrate it since they had a heck of a pain that day. And they gone through it. Btw, today I planned to go to the art museum near the science museum. But it was closed that day. But google doesn’t say so… Then I went to the science museum nearby. God it was good. Screens surrounded in a shape of a sphere. Touching moment: closing eyes, waiting the stars being displayed. But I didn’t understand so I just watched the entire process=]. It is still stunning. Would highly recommend my friends to go there to feel that. Cannot imagine how will I feel if I get the moment of seeing all stars at once. Perhaps crying. Since it is my birthday, I went to try the Kobe beef. World’s 1st? It was good… The juice is sweet and sour, quite different form the normal ones, would recommend to try that once. Then is Osaka tower, nothing too special. Then is 新地, too shy to walk, leaving after 2 streets of walk. Nothing happens, End.

4/6: 海遊館day, Meet a French in wheelchair, for some reason being alone since her friend watched football and sleeping. Got her back to the hotel. And the French don’t speak English… Tried very hard to gather my courage to join her table though. Even with some communication barriers with both the waiter and the friend.

5/6: USJ day, shitty day. Hot and boring, perhaps really not suitable for solo traveling there. And with a gip of clothes… Heading to Kyoto, I thought the hotel was good until I tried the next one.

Osaka ends, Kyoto starts.

6/6: 清水寺 day. But somehow didn’t manage to walk 二三板… I guess perhaps I'm too busy talking with the Spanish guy that drinks sake in the morning. He is hanging around, trying to 打眼色, very funny. Can know that he is trying to find someone to join. He was studying sushi, and recommended that I take a trip to the EU. But didn’t manage to do anything with him before he left Kyoto. Btw, so many white guy in Kyoto. I think they are led by another travel advising book or website. Among all the spots, I think this is perhaps the top 3 among all. A rainy day, using my new Mont-bell sweater to get rid of the rain. went to the palace and there were no people there. Didn’t figure out the entrance therefore, cannot follow anyone. Ate a soba at night. Not a fan of soba. Like udon more.

7/6: 嵐山, monkey park, feeding monkey, be able to take some awesome video feeding monkeys, plenty of walk til the top of the mountain. Students doing a field trip or study. Many many people. went to 金閣寺, took a good photo. I think this place is definitely worth a day. Had a good 吉列牛 this night, btw I got off at a wrong bus stop when having to 金閣寺.

8/6: Fushima 伏見day, woke at 6am naturally, managed to arrive before the crowd. went up to the top of the mountain. After that, I went to a great cafe. Everything is good. The service, the view, the food, even the smell. Having a tasty meal inside a Japanese forest. Heck yeah. Then is 南明院, just nearby, walked there. Holy I didn’t expect it to be such good. Would love to see the 4 seasons of this place. Then is thes best udon and deep fried pork and shrimp. When I see something similar in TW, I start to remember how stunning everything is. I start to miss the moment there. I want to visit there again. I want to stay there. Then I want to cry. Scared the heck out of a waitress because I cannot hear her question clearly and then I ‘吓’ which means 不良 in Japan.

9/6: 銀閣寺, road of philosophy, just normal, I think another season would be better, bought 2 onigi, 無糖抹茶, eat in emperor palace, feel so good. joined a random guide, the guy is saying perfect English =] awesome. 居酒屋with Bill, meeting old friend in a 陌生 place, without plan, causal and chill. 無論中間行咗幾遠, 總有一日會converge到一個地方, 再次相見飲酒.

10/6: Changing hotel, not too special, took some pictures. Exploring near the hotel. Tried a high class shabu shabu. The service cannot be described by words, this kind of service is a must try. Perhaps you are paying for the service for this kind of restaurant. People are just on their knees all the time. Not something you can find in other places. But I cannot taste the flavor of the food…

11/6: went back to the street near 二三板, soy milk is sooo damn good. Went into a restaurant with a huge garden, they even have fish in the pond… Had good tempura don and beer. Great view great food. With a bunch of basan trying their best to servicing people. Worth very much. Recommend. Another 消夜 with bill, ordered 鴨肝 still with blood…, interesting.

12/6: Nara day 奈良, bowing deers, but full of shit everywhere. Perhaps should prepare some shoes so you don’t need to worry about the shoes. And clothes also, since they bite. My sweater and pants both smell since they bite me also. Some great restaurants on the mountain, but they both close early, should arrive early if plan to travel there for 1 day. I think in the early morning, when the deers are hungry, should be the best adventure there.

13/6: 掃街 in 錦街市, 鼻長炭燒鰻魚 must try.

14/6: neko temple. Garden on top of mountain, should be better in other season. Like a 荒地, 無人打理, bugs everywhere.

15/6: Train museum. can take 無限列車. End of the trip.

communication with the locals with their local language is the most fun thing inside the trip. It reflects the importance of language. Exchanging thoughts, asking questions, answering their questions. Asking for recommendation. Trying a different culture.

-> End of Solo trip, traveling with mother. End of freedom in mind. Restriction. Not myself. Caring too much. Not a trip. When I am with people, someone that I know, I start to care, I need a mask. I need to be the usual person. Otherwise I feel not comfortable. Completely different from being alone in a place where no one knows me. 放唔開
